DummyTrack documentation (#74)
gosling-lang/gosling-website: docs/composition.mdx

Author: The composition page seemed like the most logical to describe `DummyTrack`. Would there be a better place?

[Line chart (line + point)](<https://gosling-lang.github.io/gosling.js/?example=doc_overlay_line_point>)

[Ideogram (text + rect + triangle)](<https://gosling-lang.github.io/gosling.js/?example=doc_overlay_rect_text>)

> ## Placeholder track to show non-Gosling visualizations
> 
> If you want to show non-Gosling visualizations within a Gosling visualization, you can use `DummyTrack` as a 
> placeholder to create space for your visualization. Your custom visualization can then be overlaid on top of 
> the `DummyTrack`. Currently, `DummyTrack` can only be used with a linear `layout`.
> 
> [DummyTrack demo in the Editor](https://gosling-lang.github.io/gosling.js/?example=doc_dummy_track)

Reviewer: Edited a bit to provide more context.

```suggestion
## Integrating non-Gosling visualizations

You may want to visualize a non-Gosling visualization within a Gosling visualization, such as showing a lineage tree along with multiple sequences.

In Gosling, you can do this by using `DummyTrack` as a placeholder to create space for your non-Gosling visualization. Your non-Gosling visualization can then be overlaid on top of the `DummyTrack` using [JS API functions](./js-api) to get the position of the placeholder.

:::caution
`DummyTrack` can only be used with a linear `layout` at the moment.
:::

[DummyTrack demo in the Editor](https://gosling-lang.github.io/gosling.js/?example=doc_dummy_track)
```

Reviewer: We should add `gosling-meta` repository as an example later when we use DummyTrack.
